---
id: 276
title: 'Spokify &#8211; v0.9'
date: 2010-11-03T21:16:44+00:00
author: ereslibre
layout: post
guid: http://blog.ereslibre.es/?p=276

enclosure:
  - |
    http://media.ereslibre.es/2010/11/spokify-v0.9.ogv
    36329781
    video/ogg

dsq_thread_id:
  - "1301904270"
categories:
  - archived
  - kde
---
After some quite time pretty busy at work I had the time to hack with some relax. Yesterday I wanted to give one of the final touches to Spokify before it gets to a v1.0 release. To sum up:

  * Now when the track ends it changes to the next track. Not before. <a href="http://getsatisfaction.com/spotify/topics/sp_track_duration_is_not_accurate" target="_blank">This is a historical problem with the libspotify library which doesn&#8217;t provide the exact length of the track</a>.
  * Some spotted bugs fixed, specially regarding clicking on the cover to highlight the current track and filtering combo.
  * Previous and Next on the system tray icon.
  * Removed slider handle.
  * Slider now can be clicked to seek on the current track.
  * Creating playlists implemented.
  * Renaming playlists implemented.
  * Deleting playlists implemented.
  * Repeat finally implemented. It was always an enabled thing, now you can choose.
  * Add songs to playlists by drag & drop.

Still to do for release v1.0:

  * Allow to star tracks and list them.
  * Show playlists owners on the playlists view (trivial one).
  * Implement shuffle. Probably trivial, but want to do it right from the start. Still to decide if previous and next should take unordered list into account.
  * Implement cool track switching. Some kind of new widget. Note we never had next and previous buttons on the GUI, this is because of this plan.
  * Allow to set playlists as collaborative (trivial one).

As usual, [I have recorded a video in order to show old and new features](http://media.ereslibre.es/2010/11/spokify-v0.9.ogv):

<p style="text-align: center;">
</p>

So, if you are using Spokify and have feedback, please let me know. Arch Linux users have a package ready to be installed: \`yaourt -S spokify-git&#8217;.
